<br>Kan betalas med<br>
Du bjuder på ett nytt PC Spel

 Spelbeskrivning
Dangerous Waters is a modern naval warfare simulator that gives players absolute control over multiple air surface and submarine platforms. Players will engage the enemy on above and below the oceans surface as commander of ten of the worlds most effective naval platforms. Gamers will focus their attention on taking direct control of individual crew stations from sonar and radar rooms to weapon control and navigation consoles. Missions in Dangerous Waters are interconnected with all consequences from previous missions affecting the next. In the campaign gamers can play as the U.S. Russian or Chinese forces.

 Dangerous Waters is an extremely deep game that presents gamers with a rewarding and challenging gaming experience. Fans of Sonalysts last game Sub Command will definitely want to get their hands on this title. Appealing to both novice and advanced gamers Sonalysts has been listening to its community and has provided a gaming experience that is like nothing available on the market today.

 Dangerous Waters gives players control over ten of the worlds most potent naval platforms. Some of which include Oliver Hazard Perry Class guidedmissile frigate MH60R Seahawk helicopter P3C Orion patrol aircraft Kilo class 636877 diesel submarine Seawolf class SSN Akula III class SSN 688 (I) class SSN.
 Cooperative and headtohead multiplayer modes allow controllable submarine surface and air platforms to battle it out in a definitive naval combat experience.
 Multiplayer support and multistation mode. Players compete against each other can collaborate with each other to succeed and can operate individual crewstations in multistation mode to work together as a team and achieve the mission objectives.
 Innovative AI allows players to tailor the games difficulty level and Autocrew functionality allows the player to customize the level of micromanagement they desire.
 Full mission editor that was used by the designers to create all of the games missions and campaigns in included. Dynamic and persistent campaigns can be created easily in the mission editor.
 Includes a handy Quick Mission generator composed of an infinite combination of mission goals enemy forces and random locations.


 Systemkrav 
 Win 98SEME2000XP  Pentium II 550MHz  128MB RAM  3D Grafikkort med 32MB RAM  590MB HD  8X CDRom.
 Multiplayer Spel över Nätverk (LAN) eller Internet.<br>
